Update outdated type definitions for `directus_files`, `directus_collections`, `directus_deployments`, `directus_settings`, and `directus_users` (#27945)
directus/directus: .changeset/ripe-pugs-stand.md

---
'@directus/types': patch

> '@directus/sdk': patch

Reviewer: To be on the safe side, as we are removing some fields (e.g. theme on user) we should probably mark this as major

```suggestion
'@directus/sdk': major
```

---

> Corrected type definitions for `directus_files`, `directus_collections`, `directus_deployments`, `directus_settings`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated outdated type definitions for `directus_files`, `directus_collections`, `directus_deployments`, and `directus_settings`
```
